Add Static Analysis feature to JetBrains plugin docs (#20536)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/developers/ide_integrations/idea/_index.md

- link: "/integrations/guide/source-code-integration/"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Learn about Source Code Integration."

> - link: "https://docs.datadoghq.com/continuous_integration/static_analysis/?tab=githubactions"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- link: "/continuous_integration/static_analysis/?tab=githubactions"
```

<div class="alert alert-info">This feature has two prerequisites: (1) Source Code Integration is configured for your service and (2) the JetBrains Toolbox is installed on your development machine.</div>

## Static Analysis

> The Datadog plugin will analyze your code by running a set of [Static Analysis][12] rules against your source files as you edit them. The goal is to detect and fix problems in your code before you even commit your changes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Datadog plugin runs a set of [Static Analysis][12] rules on your source files as you edit them.  The goal is to detect and fix problems in your code before you commit your changes.
```

> The Static Analyzer has rules defined for [Python][13] and [Docker][14] files. For these file types, issues are shown directly in the source code editor via the JetBrains inspection system, and suggested fixes can be applied easily:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Static Analyzer has rules defined for [Python][13] and [Docker][14] files. For these file types, issues are shown in the source code editor with the JetBrains inspection system, and suggested fixes can be applied directly:
```

{{< img src="/developers/ide_integrations/idea/static-analysis-issue.png" alt="A static analysis rule violation and recommended fix." style="width:100%;" >}}

> Additionally, all issues detected by this feature are listed in the standard `Problems` view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, all issues detected by this feature are listed in the standard **Problems** view.
```

### Getting started

> When you start editing a source file (Python and Docker files are supported), the plugin will check if the `static-analysis.datadog.yml` configuration file is present at the root of your source repository and prompt you to create it if necessary:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you start editing a source file (Python and Docker files are supported), the plugin checks for `static-analysis.datadog.yml` at your source repository's root. It prompts you to create it if necessary:
```
Breaking the sentence up so it's under 25 words.

<div class="alert alert-info">This feature has two prerequisites: (1) Source Code Integration is configured for your service and (2) the JetBrains Toolbox is installed on your development machine.</div>

## Static Analysis

> The Datadog plugin runs a set of [Static Analysis][12] rules on your source files as you edit them.  The goal is to detect and fix problems in your code before you commit your changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Datadog plugin runs a set of [Static Analysis][12] rules on your source files as you edit them. The goal is to detect and fix problems in your code before you commit your changes.
```

[9]: /continuous_integration/guides/flaky_test_management/
[10]: /watchdog/insights
[11]: mailto:team-ide-integration@datadoghq.com

> [12]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/continuous_integration/static_analysis/?tab=githubactions
> [13]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/#python-rules
> [14]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/#docker-rules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[12]: /continuous_integration/static_analysis/?tab=githubactions
[13]: /continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/#python-rules
[14]: /continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/#docker-rules
```
